Media Usage Guidelines

NASA Logo

The NASA insignia logo (the blue "meatball" insignia), the retired NASA 
logotype (the red "worm" logo) and the NASA seal may not be used for any 
purpose without explicit permission. These images may not be used by persons 
who are not NASA employees or on products, publications or web pages that are 
not NASA-sponsored. These images may not be used to imply endorsement or 
support of any external organization, program, effort, or persons.

Still Images, Audio Recordings, Video, and Related Computer Files for 
Non-Commercial Use

NASA content - images, audio, video, and computer files used in the rendition 
of 3-dimensional models, such as texture maps and polygon data in any format 
- generally are not copyrighted. You may use this material for educational or 
informational purposes, including photo collections, textbooks, public 
exhibits, computer graphical simulations and Internet Web pages. This general 
permission extends to personal Web pages.

News outlets, schools, and text-book authors may use NASA content without 
needing explicit permission. NASA content used in a factual manner that does 
not imply endorsement may be used without needing explicit permission. NASA 
should be acknowledged as the source of the material. NASA occasionally uses 
copyrighted material by permission on its website. Those images will be 
marked copyright with the name of the copyright holder. NASA's use does not 
convey any rights to others to use the same material. Those wishing to use 
copyrighted material must contact the copyright holder directly.

NASA has extensive image and video  galleries online, including historic 
images, current missions, astronomy pictures, Earth images and ways to search 
for NASA images. Generally, each mission and program has a video and image 
collection on the topic page. For example, Space Station videos can be found 
at https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/videos/index.html. Content can 
also be found on our extensive social media channels.  

For questions about specific images, please call 202-358-1900. For questions 
about specific video, please call 202-358-0309.

NASA Content Used for Commercial Purposes

For more information on using NASA content for commercial purposes, please 
read NASA Advertising Guidelines. Any questions regarding use of NASA 
content, or any NASA image or emblem should be directed to Bert Ulrich of the 
Multimedia Division of NASA's Office of Communications at NASA Headquarters 
in Washington.

For information on NASA involvement in documentaries and films, please see 
documentary and fictional film project guidelines.

If the NASA material is to be used for commercial purposes, including 
advertisements, it must not explicitly or implicitly convey NASA's 
endorsement of commercial goods or services.

If a NASA image includes an identifiable person, using the image for 
commercial purposes may infringe that person's right of privacy or publicity, 
and permission should be obtained from the person.

Current NASA employees, including astronauts, may not appear in commercial 
material. 

Commercials and promotional content cannot be filmed on NASA property.

Linking to NASA Web Sites

NASA Web sites are not copyrighted, and may be linked to from other Web 
sites, including individuals' personal Web sites, without explicit permission 
from NASA. However, such links may not explicitly or implicitly convey NASA's 
endorsement of commercial goods or services. NASA images may be used as 
graphic "hot links" to NASA Web sites, provided they are used within the 
guidelines above. This permission does not extend to use of the NASA 
insignia, the retired NASA logotype or the NASA seal. NASA should be 
acknowledged as the source of the material.

Restrictions

As a government entity, NASA does not license the use of NASA materials or 
sign licensing agreements. The agency generally has no objection to the 
reproduction and use of these materials (audio transmissions and recordings; 
video transmissions and recording; or still and motion picture photography), 
subject to the following conditions:

NASA material may not be used to state or imply the endorsement by NASA or by 
any NASA employee of a commercial product, service, or activity, or used in 
any manner that might mislead. Please see NASA Advertising Guidelines and 
Merchandising Guidelines for more information.

It is unlawful to falsely claim copyright or other rights in NASA material.

NASA shall in no way be liable for any costs, expenses, claims, or demands 
arising out of the use of NASA material by a recipient or a recipient's 
distributees.

NASA does not indemnify nor hold harmless users of NASA material, nor release 
such users from copyright infringement, nor grant exclusive use rights with 
respect to NASA material.

NASA material is not protected by copyright unless noted. If copyrighted, 
permission should be obtained from the copyright owner prior to use. If not 
copyrighted, NASA material may be reproduced and distributed without further 
permission from NASA.

If a recognizable person, or talent (e.g., an astronaut or a noted 
personality engaged to narrate a film) appears in NASA material, use for 
commercial purposes may infringe a right of privacy or publicity. Permission 
should be obtained from the recognizable person or talent if the proposed use 
of the NASA material could be viewed as a commercial exploitation of that 
person. However, if the intended use of NASA material is primarily for 
communicative purposes, i.e., books, newspapers, and magazines reporting 
facts of historical significance (constitutionally protected media uses), 
then such uses will generally be considered not to infringe such personal 
rights.

Some NASA audiovisual material may incorporate music or footage, which is 
copyrighted and licensed for the particular NASA work. Any editing or 
otherwise altering of the work may not be covered under the original license, 
and therefore would require permission of the copyright owner.

NASA audiovisual material may include visible NASA identifiers (e.g., the 
name of the vehicle and the NASA Insignia or Logotype in photographs or film 
footage of ground vehicles, aircraft or spacecraft). Use of such materials is 
generally non-objectionable, provided the NASA identifiers appear in their 
factual context.

Documentary and Fictional Film Project Guidelines

NASA participates in scores of documentaries annually and a number of feature 
films as well. Participation ranges from providing imagery and footage to 
permitting on-site filming. Below describes the process of working with NASA 
on documentary and film projects.  

Documentaries

NASA works only on projects which have a broadcaster/distributor and funding 
in place (beyond speculative phase). Once a project has a 
broadcaster/distributor and funding, NASA must review a treatment to 
determine NASA involvement and the scope of participation. Treatments can be 
submitted directly to bert.ulrich@nasa.gov

NASA does not accommodate sizzle reel productions.

NASA does provide publicly available film footage and imagery regardless of 
involvement in a particular production. This use is subject to the media use 
guidelines and advertising guidelines.

NASA does not fund external documentary projects.

For interviews for documentaries, a release form is not required.

Feature film and fictional film projects

NASA participates only in projects which have funding and distribution in 
place.

A formal agreement is often required when there is a need to lay out what is 
expected of both parties in terms of shoots, clearances, protection of NASA's 
appearance in a fictional storyline, etc. An agreement may also be needed 
when the parties plan for an on-going collaboration for education or outreach 
activities beyond routine appearances or interviews.

After providing a signed NASA Non-Disclosure Agreement, NASA reviews a script 
to assess participation in a project. In some cases, clearances for use of 
the NASA Insignia and other identifiers, footage, still imagery and other 
NASA assets; details of shoots; post assistance and when appropriate; 
outreach leading to release of the film; are also addressed.

NASA does provide publicly available film footage and imagery regardless of 
involvement in a particular production. This use is subject to the media use 
guidelines and advertising guidelines.

Commercial and promotional shoots

NASA does not permit shooting of promotional content such as television 
spots, commercials, etc. at NASA facilities. In some cases, filming can take 
place at an outside NASA visitor Center which is run by a commercial entity. 
Please refer to advertising guidelines for more information.

For more information, please contact Bert Ulrich at bert.ulrich@nasa.gov

Anniversary Logos

Anniversary logos are permitted on merchandise through the approval process 
cited above.  NASA has released logos for use in observing milestone 
anniversaries like NASAâ€™s 60th anniversary and the Apollo 50th which can be 
downloaded in different formats:

60th Anniversary Logo Black background:
https://images.nasa.gov/details-NASA_60TH_FULLCOLOR_BLKGRD_300DPI.html
https://images.nasa.gov/details-NASA_60TH_FULLCOLOR_V2_BLKGRD_300DPI.html

60th Anniversary Logo Photographic background:
https://images.nasa.gov/details-NASA_60th_LOGO_vertical.html
https://images.nasa.gov/details-NASA_60th_LOGO_square.html

Apollo 50th Logo:
Full Color Background
White on Transparent Background